What is Emmet ?
Emmet (formerly zen coding) is a set of plug-ins for text editors that allow for
 high - speed coding and editing in Html,xml,xslt, and other structured code formats via content assist

Differences between a framework and library .
 the term  "inversion of control" describes the technical distonction between a framework and a library.
 you have complete control over the application's flow when you use a library.
 you get to decide when and wghere you want to call the library.
 while when using a framework,the flow is controlled by the framework itself.


 what is CDN ?why do we use it ?
 A CDN is content delivery network. primary goal of a cdn is to improve web performance by reducing the time needed to send content.
 it reduce network latency caused by traffic over long distances.
 eliminating latency is important as more dynamic content,video and software as a service are delivered to an increasing number of mobile devices

 why  is React known as React ?
 React was developed for application (facebook) that have constantly changing data.
 since React is a front - end framework or the "view"in MVC, this means that as the user clicks around and changes tha App's data, the view should "react" or change with those user events.
 user events being mouse clicks,typing,submitting a form.

 what is crossorigin in script tag ?
 The purpose of crossorigin attributes is used to share the resources from one domain to another domain.
 Basically, it is used to handle the CORS request
 The react package holds the react source for components,state,props and all the code that is react.

 what is difference between React and ReactDom ?
 The react-dom package as the name implies is the glue between React and the DOM. 
Often, you will only use it for one single thing: 
mounting your application to the index.html file with ReactDOM.render().

What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. 
The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means 
this is the code running on your client's machine.

What is async and defer?
async - fetched from network on parallel and executes by stopping html parsing
defer - fetched from network on parallel and executes once html parsing is completed
